SSC updates based on feedback (#822)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-app/getting-started-with-semgrep-app.md

# Getting started with Semgrep App

> Semgrep App enables you to run scans on multiple repositories by integrating with your GitHub or GitLab SaaS account. Semgrep uses **rules** to scan code. Matches found based on those rules are called **findings**. A Semgrep rule encapsulates pattern-matching logic and data-flow analysis used to find code violations, security issues, outdated libraries, and other issues.

Reviewer: Non-blocking and optional - just to avoid "and other issues" (similar to etc - https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#etc)
```suggestion
Semgrep App enables you to run scans on multiple repositories by integrating with your GitHub or GitLab SaaS account. Semgrep uses **rules** to scan code. Matches found based on those rules are called **findings**. A Semgrep rule encapsulates pattern-matching logic and data-flow analysis used to find vulnerabilities such as code violations, security issues, or outdated libraries.
```

:::info
Many improvements to the Semgrep App experience only work with up-to-date Semgrep CLI versions. For this reason, Semgrep App only supports the 10 most recent minor versions of the Semgrep open-source tool. For example, if the latest release was 0.114.0, all versions greater than 0.104.0 are supported while earlier versions, such as 0.103.0 can be deprecated or can result in failures.

For Docker users: Use the [**latest** tag](https://hub.docker.com/r/returntocorp/semgrep/tags?page=1&name=latest) to ensure you are up-to-date.
:::

Semgrep App supports code scanning from:

> * local command-line interfaces (CLI)
> * source code management (SCM) systems, such as GitHub and GitLab, through continuous integration (CI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Local command-line interfaces (CLI).
* Source code management (SCM) systems, such as GitHub and GitLab, through continuous integration (CI).
```
